Term of Use of GG Platform
Effective as of 20/05/19
Section I: General.
Section II: Types and scope of the Service covered by the Term of Use.
Section III: Terms and conditions of the Service.
Section IV: The terms for entering into an agreement and terminating it, and commencement of the
Service.
Section V: Liability.
Section VI: Intellectual property.
Section VII: Complaint procedure.
Section VIII: Final provisions.
Section I. General.
1. The following provisions constitute the Terms of Use (hereinafter: the “Terms”) referred to in 
art. 8 of the Act on Provision of Electronic Services of 18 July 2002 (Journal of Laws 2002 no. 
144, item 1204, as amended; hereinafter: the “Act”). 
2. The Terms specify the rules of providing electronic services by Fintecom Sp. z o.o. with its 
registered office in Koszalin, at the address: ul. Marszałka Piłsudskiego 45 75-502 Koszalin, 
entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register kept by the District 
Court in Koszalin, IX Commercial Division, under the number 0000362067 (hereinafter: 
“Fintecom”) on Internet communication platform available through Fintecom 
teleinformation system (hereinafter: the “Platform”). 
3. Fintecom teleinformation system consists in a set of interacting IT devices and software that 
allows to process, handle, send and receive the data through telecommunication networks, 
using a terminal equipment suitable for a given type of network. 
4. The provision of electronic services by Fintecom consists in providing you with certain 
functionalities of the Platform (in some cases together with the software necessary to use 
them) that have certain characteristics (hereinafter: the “Functionalities”) by sending and 
receiving data through teleinformation systems, at your request, without the simultaneous 
physical presence of the parties, whereby the data is transmitted through public networks 
(hereinafter: the “Service”). 
5. The Service is provided to: 
1. natural persons having full or partial legal capacity who are over 16 years old; 
2. other entities having full or partial legal capacity under other regulations, who 
accepted the Terms and entered into the agreement on provision of the Service 
(hereinafter: “You”/”User”). 
6. Fintecom, at the address: https://www.ggapp.com/info/threats/ provides the information 
referred to in art. 6 of the Act. 
7. The Service is provided free of charge. Certain Functionalities of the Service may be paid. 
8. The provision of the Service free of charge commences after you start to use the available 
Functionalities of the Platform. 
9. Making paid Functionalities available to you occurs at your request, after accepting the 
Terms of the paid provision of the Service. 
Section II: Types and scope of the Service covered by the Term 
of Use.
1. Fintecom provides several Functionalities on the Platform. 
2. The Functionalities are in particular: 
1. sending text messages, 
2. sending graphical messages, 
3. sending graphical text messages, 
4. sending compressed multimedia messages, 
5. archiving the messages sent; 
6. making available the space in the resources of the Fintecom teleinformation system 
(hosting) to store the data (files) and to synchronize them between the 
teleinformation system and users’ devices, 
7. sharing the data (files) entered into the system with other Users, 
8. providing the possibility to use the applications extending the Functionalities, made 
available by Fintecom and third parties. 
3. On the Platform, Fintecom provides information, instructions and explanations regarding the
Service or Functionalities, either in a distinguished form (among others graphic fields, pop-
ups etc.) or by referring to instruction manuals, when you perform certain actions using the 
tools or the software made available by Fintecom as part of the Service. 
4. Fintecom updates the data referred to in Article 3 if the scope of the Service or 
Functionalities changes. 
5. Fintecom, at the address: https://www.ggapp.com/info/technical-parameters-of-the-service/
provides the information about the changes of the parameters related to the Functionalities. 
6. The Platform also allows access to applications made available by third parties. In such a 
case the application is not a part of the Platform and using it does not constitute the usage of
the Service, of which you will be notified before starting to use a given application, and the 
data required to use such application teleinformation system is transferred from Fintecom at 
your request and at your own risk. Finishing the installation of the application made 
available by a third party on the Platform is equivalent to you requesting Fintecom to 
transmit certain data, including your personal data (with your consent) from Fintecom 
teleinformation system. Uninstalling a given application made available by third parties 
means that you withdraw your consent to transmit the data. 
Section III: Terms and conditions of the Service.
1. Provision of the Service requires you to have at your disposal a teleinformation system that 
meets the following minimal technical requirements: 
1. Internet connection, 
2. terminal equipment, 
3. in some cases using a software allowing to read the files in various formats (among 
others images, sounds, multimedia, text, videos etc.). 
2. Fintecom data entry and retention policy is available here: 
https://www.ggapp.com/info/privacy-policy/, and technical requirements are available at 
the address: https://www.ggapp.com/info/technical-conditions/. 
3. If Fintecom makes the available software to use a given Functionality, you have a right to use 
it within a scope of such Functionality only with Fintecom software or the software of third 
parties made available by Fintecom and with its consent. If in such a case you use the Service
or its Functionalities with the software from entities other than Fintecom or the software of 
third parties made available without a consent from Fintecom, you are in breach of the 
Terms. At the address: https://www.ggapp.com/info/list-of-authorised-software/ Fintecom 
provides the information about the software that is intended for the use of a given 
Functionality and made available by Fintecom. 
4. Fintecom shares the data chosen and entered by you in the teleinformation system with 
other Users in order to provide services to them. 
5. You may stop using the Service at any moment. 
6. You are obliged to: 
1. comply with the law, Terms of Use, good manners and generally applicable rules of 
using the Internet; 
2. use the Service in a manner that does not violate the rights of Fintecom or third 
parties; 
3. refrain from mass registration of GG accounts for the purposes that are not 
compatible with the purpose of the Service. 
7. You are obliged to refrain from any unlawful activities while using the Service, in particular: 
1. using the Service directly or indirectly for the purpose contrary to the law, the Terms 
of Use, good manners or generally applicable rules of using the Internet; 
2. using the Service in a manner that violates the rights of Fintecom or third parties; 
3. using the Service with the software different than the software of Fintecom or the one 
belonging to third parties and made available by Fintecom; 
4. transmission by or to the Fintecom teleinformation system the data which: 
1. cause the disruption or overloading of the Fintecom teleinformation system or 
the system of third parties directly or indirectly taking part in the provision of 
the Service; 
2. provide an unsolicited commercial communication addressed to a designated 
recipient within the meaning of the Act (Spam); 
3. in other way violate the law, the Terms, rights of Fintecom or third parties, 
good manners, generally applicable rules of using the Internet. 
8. Fintecom uses technical systems in order to prevent misuse of the Services. 
9. Fintecom may permanently or temporarily cease to provide the Service or Functionality to 
you if: 
1. you violate the law, the Terms, rights of Fintecom or third parties, good manners, 
generally applicable rules of using the Internet or there is a reasonable suspicion that 
you did so (temporarily, until clarification is obtained); 
2. you refuse to consent to the change of the Terms of Use in time specified in Article 2 
(1) in the Section VIII of the Terms of Use. 
10.Permanent or temporary cessation of the Service provision may occur, inter Alia, as a result 
of the following breaches: 
1. sharing or sending the content that is pornographic, racist, outrages religious 
feelings, incites hatred or violence, and the content that is indecent, offensive or 
violates the law or good manners; 
2. use of threats, harassment, stalking or other activities violating the rights of third 
parties (violations reported by other Users), 
3. misuse of image, identity theft or impersonation; 
4. fraud, information theft, software piracy or copyright infringement; 
5. fishing the data, unauthorized data capture, damage of data integrity; 
6. other activities that violate the Terms, good manners, generally applicable rules of 
using the Internet, generally applicable law, rights of Fintecom or third parties. 
11.Permanent cessation of the Service provision means an immediate termination of the 
agreement and is irreversible. Permanent cessation of the Service provision may also cause 
deletion of all the data that you entered into the Fintecom teleinformation system, unless: 
1. the law provides otherwise; or 
2. deletion of all your data from the Fintecom teleinformation system is impossible due 
to the character of the Service or Functionality. 
12.Temporary cessation of the Service provision results in the limitation of your use of: 
1. the Service; or 
2. its Functionalities. 
Temporary cessation of the Service provision may be revoked after you provide appropriate 
explanations on the matter of violations.
13.Fintecom may process the data of the User to whom it ceased to provide the Service for the 
purpose and in the scope necessary to clarify the circumstances of a prohibited use of the 
Service. 
14.Under art. 14 (2-3) of the Act, Fintecom has a right to prevent (block) access to the data 
entered by you to the teleinformation system of Fintecom in the case of: 
1. receiving an official notice of unlawfulness of the data stored or the activities related 
to it, 
2. receiving a credible information or in any way becoming aware of the unlawful 
character of the data stored or the activities related to it. 
15.In the situation referred to in Article 14 Fintecom immediately notifies you of its intention to 
prevent (block) the access to the data. The notification shall be sent to your GG Number. 
16.Fintecom reserves the right to block the registration of GG account if the attempts are made 
for a mass registration of accounts for the purposes violating the Terms or not compatible 
with the purpose of the Service. 
Section IV: The terms for entering into an agreement and 
terminating it, and commencement of the Service.
1. The provision of the Service requires a registration of the GG account. 
2. During the registration we require you to provide certain data, including your personal data 
(with your consent). 
3. Upon registration you confirm that you are more than 16 years old and that you take 
responsibility for the correctness of the data provided. If you provide false personal data, 
some of the Functionalities may be unavailable until the data is corrected. 
4. After the registration process, the User is assigned a unique identifier (GG number) which 
enables the use of Services. The User is not entitled to dispose of the GG Number in a manner
other than as specified in the Regulations. 
5. If the User terminates the Service Agreement (account deletion) or in the event of 
termination of the contract for the provision of the Service by Fintecom due to the use of the 
Service by the User in a manner inconsistent with the Regulations: 
1. The User loses the right to use the GG Number, 
2. Fintecom has the right to assign the GG Number to another User, 
3. For GG numbers purchased in the official GG Store ( https://shop.gg.pl/ ), Fintecom 
has the right to assign the GG Number to another User after a period of at least 24 
months since the last login to the GG Service. 
6. The agreement on the provision of the Service is concluded at the moment of accepting the 
Terms and commencement of the Service provision. 
7. You access the Service with a login and password. 
8. The agreement on the provision of the Service is terminated: 
1. at your request, or 
2. by Fintecom, in the situations indicated in the Article 8 in the Section III of the Terms, 
subject to the provisions of Articles 9–14. 
9. The Service Agreement may be terminated by Fintecom if not used (understood as not 
logging in to the Service) continuously for the period of: 
1. At least 12 months 
2. At least 24 months – for GG numbers purchased from the official GG Store 
10.Termination of the agreement on the provision of the Service may cause the deletion of all 
your data from the Fintecom teleinformation system, unless: 
1. the law provides otherwise; or 
2. deletion of all your data from the Fintecom teleinformation system is impossible due 
to the character of the Service or Functionality. 
11.If you made more than one registration the result of terminating the agreement on the 
provision of the Service will affect only the Service with a relevant GG Number. 
12.The Personal Data Controller is Fintecom. 
13.The rules of processing the personal data with regard to using the Service are provided in the
Privacy Policy. 
Section V: Liability.
1. You are responsible for all the actions taken after logging into the Service. 
2. You use: 
1. the Service, in accordance with the Terms 
2. services provided by third parties, at your own risk. Using the services made available 
in the GG messenger by third parties does not does exclude or limit the liability of 
Fintecom related to the provision of the Service, to the extent that it cannot be 
excluded or limited by law. 
3. Fintecom is liable to the Users for failure to perform or an improper performance of the 
Service to the extent pursuant to the Terms, unless failure to perform or an improper 
performance of the Service is a consequence of circumstances for which Fintecom is not 
responsible under the law. 
4. Pursuant to art. 14 of the Act, Fintecom is not responsible for the data entered by the Users 
and stored in the Fintecom teleinformation system. 
5. According to Article 13 of the Act, Fintecom is not responsible for the data transmitted, as it 
provides automatic and indirect storage of the data in order to ensure fast access to them at 
the request of other entity (another User). 
6. Fintecom is not responsible for the consequences of failure to perform or an improper 
performance of the commitments made to you by other Users. 
7. Fintecom is not responsible for any consequences of using the applications which are 
accessible on the Platform but made available by third parties, of which you will be notified 
before using the application. 
8. Fintecom is not responsible for: 
1. deletion of the data entered by the Users to the Fintecom teleinformation system 
from the systems not controlled by Fintecom, 
2. consequences of using the Service or its Functionalities with software different than 
the software of Fintecom or the one belonging to third parties and made available by 
Fintecom, indicated at the address: https://www.ggapp.com/info/list-of-authorised-
software/ (the list of the authorized software). 
3. consequences of sharing a login and password with third parties. 
9. The Terms shall be applied taking into account the rights of Users resulting from consumer 
laws. 
Section VI. Intellectual property.
1. Fintecom has intellectual property rights to the works, within the meaning of the Act on 
Copyright and Related Rights Act of 4 February 1994 (Journal of Laws no. 24, item 83, as 
amended), markings and trademarks shared on the Platform, to the extent necessary to 
provide the Service. 
2. Works, markings and trademarks shared in the Service and for the purpose of providing it are
protected by the law. 
3. You have a right to use the works within the framework of permitted private use provided for 
by legal regulations. 
4. Any use beyond the permitted private use requires obtaining prior consent of the authorized 
entity. 
5. The terms of use of the software made available by Fintecom are specified in relevant license 
agreements. 
6. License agreement for the use of the software made available by Fintecom for the purpose of 
providing the Service constitutes a part of the Terms, as an appendix. 
Section VII. Complaint procedure.
1. Complaints regarding the provision of the Service may be made for: 
1. failure to perform the Service, or 
2. undue performance of the Service. 
2. The complaint may be filed in: 
1. written form, by mail, at the address: ul. Marszałka Piłsudskiego 45 75-502 Koszalin, 
2. electronic form, at the e-mail address: reklamacje@gg.pl. 
3. The complaint should include: 
1. name and surname of the complainant, 
2. e-mail address provided during the registration, 
3. identifier of the User on the Platform (GG Number), 
4. subject of the complaint and the circumstances justifying it. 
4. Complaints are handled in the order of their receipt, but not later than in 14 (fourteen) days. 
In justified cases, if the handling of the complaint requires more time, Fintecom may extend 
this period for additional 14 (fourteen) days, of which the complainant will be notified. 
5. If the complaint is incomplete so that it is impossible to handle it, Fintecom shall 
immediately request the complainant to supplement it and instruct them that the failure to 
complete it will prevent its handling. 
6. The complainant is notified about the manner of handling the complaint in the form in which
the complaint was made. 
Section VIII. Final provisions
1. A current version of the Terms is made available in a manner allowing its storage and 
reproduction in the ordinary course of action. 
2. Each change of the Terms will be effective: 
1. in 15 (fifteen) days from the date of notification or at any other time indicated by 
Fintecom but not shorter than 15 (fifteen) days; if you do not agree to the change, you 
are obliged to make a statement to Fintecom, including by Fintecom teleinformation 
system, before the change enters into force and from such date you are obliged to 
stop using the Service; 
2. immediately upon notification of the change or in any other time indicated by 
Fintecom, if the changes concern provisions of the Terms that do not have an 
influence on the situation the Users. 
3. For assessing rights and obligations under the Terms, Polish law shall be applicable, in 
particular the provisions of the Polish Civil Code and the Act on Consumer Rights of 30 May 
2014 (Journal of Laws 2014, item 827). 
4. Amicable settlement of disputes: European Commission operates an on line dispute 
settlement platform. It is available here: 
https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home2.show&lng=PL. 
5. Using other alternative settlement mechanisms requires the consent of Fintecom. 
