Terms of Service
2 months ago Updated
Follow
Last updated on 07.12.2021
Overview:
1. These are legally binding rules for The Witcher: Monster Slayer (TWMS) and related products.
2. You are given a personal, limited right to access and play TWMS (but SPOKKO owns TWMS).
3. There are rules regarding what you can/cannot do with TWMS (e.g. be safe, don’t cheat, be nice,
don’t spoil the enjoyment of others).
4. Depending on where you live, there are important rules regarding liability and dispute resolution
(including mandatory arbitration and waiver of jury trial if you live in the USA).
5. SPOKKO’s Privacy Policy explains what information is collected to provide you with access to
TWMS and how it’s protected. Our Fan Content Guidelines explain what stuff you can make
regarding TWMS (e.g. fan art, community sites).
OK, that’s done. Hello! We are SPOKKO and we are part of CD PROJEKT Capital Group. We have
created these TWMS Terms of Service (or “Agreement” for short) to explain what you can (and cannot)
do with TWMS. We put it together as simply as we legally can, with some informal short summaries to
help you understand what it means. However, the full text wording is what is important/binding legally.
FULL TEXT
QUICK
SUMMARY
1. ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT
1.1 This Agreement is a legally binding contract between you and SPOKKO
sp. z o.o. (further: “SPOKKO” or “we”). We are seated at ul. Jagiellońska
74; 03-301, Warsaw, Poland. This Agreement applies to our video game,
The Witcher: Monster Slayer (TWMS), any game key or code giving you
access to it or any parts of it, TWMS Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency
(defined below), plus any and all official products and services related to
TWMS, including (but not limited to) user accounts, customer and
technical support, plus official forums, wikis, blogs and social media
services (we will refer to “TWMS” to cover all these things). This
Agreement will be binding on you and us once you download, install or use
TWMS. If you do not agree to it, please do not use TWMS.
This document
explains what
TWMS is and how
you can use it. We
have included a
short, informal
summary of these
requirements to
make it easier for
you. However, it is
the full version
which is legally
Important: please also make sure you read our Fan Content Guidelines and
SPOKKO Privacy Policy, which are binding to you if you play TWMS.
binding.
This Agreement
covers TWMS only
and applies only
to the users
playing on mobile
platforms.
If you want to play
TWMS, make sure
you have read our
Fan Content
Guidelines and
SPOKKO Privacy
Policy (links
opposite).
2. A SPECIAL NOTE ABOUT MINORS
2.1 If you are over 18, then welcome to TWMS! If you are between 16 and
18 before we extend an equally warm welcome, please ask your parent(s)
or guardian(s) to review and approve this Agreement on your behalf
(because in some countries people under a certain age cannot legally
enter fully into contracts like this Agreement), plus they should supervise
your use of TWMS. TWMS has age ratings, which will be displayed when
you purchase the game. We are sorry to say this, but if you are under 16
you are not allowed to download, play or otherwise access TWMS.
TWMS is a 16+
video game. If you
are not yet 18
years old, first,
you’ve got a lot to
look forward to,
but  you’ll need
parental/guardian
approval to use
TWMS. We know it
sounds kind of
silly – no, it is not
our own invention,
but actually a
legal requirement.
3. USING TWMS
3.1 Although it may sound strange since TWMS is free to play, we need to
give you permission to play it! Therefore, SPOKKO gives you a personal,
limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable and non-assignable
licence to display, view, download, install, play and use TWMS on
authorized platforms. This licence is for your personal use only (so you
cannot give, ‘sell’, lend, gift, assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer it to
someone else) and does not give you any ownership rights in TWMS.
You have the
personal right to
play TWMS. We
would love for you
to invite your
friends to play too
— but just
remember they’ll
need to install
TWMS on their
own devices!
4. USER ACCOUNTS
4.1 User accounts needed for some features. You do not need to create a
user account in order to play TWMS. However please bear in mind that
some features may be unavailable without a user account. In particular,
you will need a user account to save your game progress in the cloud to
play on other devices.
You don’t need a
user account to
play TWMS, but
you will need one
if you want to save
your game
Specific rules concerning playing on respective mobile platforms are
described in point 18 below.
4.2 Protecting user accounts. You are responsible for protecting your user
account and for your account activities. In particular, keep your password
secure! In order to protect TWMS, TWMS users and ourselves, SPOKKO
reserves the right if really necessary to reject any user account if it would
breach this Agreement or other legal rules linked to in this document.
progress in the
cloud and to play
on other devices.
So it’s probably
handy to set one
up!
See point 18
below for special
rules regarding
your mobile
platform.
5. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS AND MONITORING
5.1 Minimum requirements. TWMS will have minimum requirements
depending on your chosen platform, which you will be notified of. Please
make sure you meet these requirements before downloading the game! To
play TWMS you will need Internet access, too (which is your responsibility
to obtain and maintain). There is no DRM of any kind in TWMS.
5.2 Monitoring. In order to prevent cheating and other things prohibited by
Section 8 below and to protect the integrity of TWMS and enforce this
Agreement, SPOKKO may deploy anti-cheat and/or other software tools
that run in the background of your device or related devices/peripherals
when you use TWMS.
TWMS will have
minimum
requirements
depending on the
platform you use.
To keep TWMS fun
and fair we might
need to implement
some anti-cheat
tools / software.
6. PATCHES, UPDATES AND CHANGES
6.1 We may patch, update or change TWMS over time (for example to
add or remove features, to resolve software bugs or to balance the
game or adjust the game economy), which will result in mandatory
and/or automatic updates (older, updated versions may become
unusable over time as a result). As part of these patches, updates or
changes, we may need to impose limits on, or remove/restrict access
to, certain game features (without notice or liability). We need these
rights in order to keep TWMS running efficiently.
From time to time we
may patch, update
or change how
TWMS works, in
order to keep it
running efficiently
and fun to play! Keep
an eye out!
7. OWNERSHIP AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
7.1 TWMS ownership. TWMS, including (but not limited to) its visual
components, characters, story, items, music, graphics, computer code,
user interface, look and feel, game mechanics, gameplay, audio, video,
text, layout, databases, data and all other content and all Intellectual
Property Rights (defined below) and other legal and exploitation rights
regarding them, are either owned by SPOKKO or we license them from
CD PROJEKT S.A. (further: “CD PROJEKT RED”) or other third parties.
All rights in TWMS are reserved except as we have explained in this
Agreement. You may not use or exploit any part of TWMS except as
explained in this Agreement. TWMS and its Intellectual Property Rights
are protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property
laws worldwide.
7.2 “Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all copyright,
trademarks, service marks, trade dress, brand names, logos, goodwill,
get up, trade, business or domain names, design rights, database
rights, patents, rights in inventions, know-how, trade secrets and
confidential information, rights in databases, rights in computer
TWMS is the
owned/licensed
property of SPOKKO.
Enjoy it, but please
behave and do not
cause trouble.
software, moral rights, publicity rights, performance rights,
synchronisation rights, mechanical rights, publishing, rental, lending
and transmission rights and other intellectual property and exploitation
rights of a similar or corresponding character which may now or in the
future subsist in any part of the world, in all cases whether or not
registered or registrable including all granted applications and all
applications for registration, division, continuation, reissuance,
renewals, extensions, restorations and reversions regarding any of the
same.
7.3 Third party property. SPOKKO respects the intellectual property
rights of others. If you believe that your work has been infringed in or
via TWMS, please contact us via legal@spokko.com.
8. RULES FOR USING TWMS
There are some more rules to follow if you want to play TWMS,
including (but not limited to) our Fan Content Guidelines. Please read
the rules below and the Fan Content Guidelines carefully since failure to
follow them (particularly those in relation to cheating) will be
considered a material breach of this Agreement, which could lead to
cancellation or suspension of your access to TWMS. In particularly
serious cases we retain the right to prohibit your future access to the
game. 
Here are the rules:
1. Personal enjoyment. Only use TWMS for your personal enjoyment
and not for any commercial or political purposes.
2. Responsible play. Be aware of your surroundings while playing
TWMS, keep yourself and others safe and healthy. Do not use TWMS to
violate any law, rule or regulation, in particular do not trespass, damage
property, cause any distress to others or encourage others to do so,
and do not engage in any activity that may result in injury, death,
property damage or liability of any kind. Your use of TWMS is at your
own risk; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, SPOKKO,
its affiliates, partners and licensors disclaim all liability related to any
injury, death or property damage that may occur during your use of
TWMS.
3. Restricted access. Do not attempt to copy, rent, sell, lend, lease,
sublicense, distribute, publish or publicly display TWMS, Virtual
Currency, Virtual Goods or your user account or any of your rights
under this Agreement to any other party in any way not expressly
authorized under this Agreement.
4. Technical misuse. Do not modify, merge, distribute, translate, reverse
engineer, or attempt to obtain or use source code of, decompile or
disassemble TWMS unless you are specifically allowed by applicable
law.
5. Hacking/griefing. Do not hack, harm, grief, harass, threaten or misuse
TWMS, other TWMS users, SPOKKO or CD PROJEKT RED products,
games, services, community members or staff.
6. Cheating. Do not create, use, make available and/or distribute cheats,
exploits, automation software, robots, bots, mods, hacks, spiders,
spyware, cheats, scripts, trainers, extraction tools or other software
that interact with or affect TWMS in any way (including, without
limitation, any unauthorized third party programs that intercept,
emulate, or redirect any communication between SPOKKO or its
TWMS is here for
your personal
enjoyment – please
use it for this
purpose only. Please
don't hack the
game. Being nice
and kind to each
other while we game
together is the right
thing to do!
partners and TWMS and/or any unauthorized third party programs that
collect information about TWMS by reading areas of memory used by
TWMS to store information). Do not cause or take deliberate and
repetitive advantage of bugs. We remind you of the serious
consequences of cheating (see section 8 above).
7. Account misuse. Do not share, ‘buy’, ‘sell’, transfer, gift, lend, steal or
misappropriate user accounts or TWMS access keys/codes (all of which
is our property). If you are concerned that any of this has happened to
you, contact SPOKKO customer support at 
8. Power-levelling. Do not request/perform in-game services for others
like power-levelling or boosting, whether or not in exchange for
payment (real money or otherwise) from others.
9. No advertising. Do not communicate or facilitate any commercial
advertisement, promotion, spam or unsolicited messages through
TWMS.
10. SPOKKO or CD PROJEKT RED services. Do not deliberately or
maliciously interrupt or interfere with SPOKKO or CD PROJEKT RED
services like customer or technical support or impersonate the staff.
11. Interfering with servers. Do not interfere with or disrupt SPOKKO, CD
PROJEKT RED, or third party network software or servers, including via
tunneling, code injection or insertion, denial of service, modifying or
changing the software, using any other similar software together with
SPOKKO or CD PROJEKT RED software, through protocol emulation, or
through creation or use of private servers or any analogous services
regarding TWMS.
12. Accessing servers. Do not access or attempt to access areas of
TWMS or TWMS servers that have not been made available to the
public.
13. Data mining. Do not intercept, mine or otherwise collect data or
information from TWMS using unauthorized third-party software.
14. Accounts and virtual content. Only use user accounts, Virtual Goods
or Virtual Currency (defined below) for their intended purpose.
15. Broadcast/events. You can broadcast, publicly perform or stream
TWMS or run any events, competitions, tournaments or leagues
regarding TWMS or host TWMS games as long as it is permitted by
our Fan Content Guidelines (which as a quick reminder permits non-
commercial activities – see the link for more details). 16.
Names/trademarks. Do not use “SPOKKO”, “CD PROJEKT RED”, “THE
WITCHER” or other CD PROJEKT Group names or logos or trademarks
for any unauthorized purposes.
17. Infringing Content. We ask you not to do anything in connection with
TWMS that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret,
privacy, publicity, or other right of others.
18. Malicious Code. Do not post or upload any files that contain any
malicious code, including viruses, spyware, Trojan horses, worms, time
bombs, intentionally corrupted data, any other files that contain
malicious code or that may in any way damage or interfere with the
operation of TWMS.
19. Geographic/regional restrictions. We ask you to follow any
applicable geographic or regional, language or location-based
restrictions, requirements or rules regarding TWMS.
20. Be nice! Do not do or say anything that is or may be considered
racist, harassing, xenophobic, sexist, discriminatory, abusive,
defamatory or otherwise offensive or illegal. This applies especially in
any communications between users. Do not spoil the experience of
other players by unsportsmanlike or otherwise inadequate behaviour.
Be nice to each other and play fair, please!
9. SHARED USER CONTENT AND COMMUNITY TWMS CONTENT
9.1 Shared User Content. TWMS may give you the ability to share
content in-game (for example to share text, photos or links with users)
– we will call this “Shared User Content”. Note this is different to stuff
which you can make using TWMS assets (see our “Fan Content”
section for more about that). If you do share Shared User Content, then
it is at your responsibility and risk. SPOKKO has the right (but not the
obligation) to check and remove any inappropriate or illegal Shared
User Content. But to be clear: SPOKKO does not assume any
responsibility or liability for Shared User Content. As far as we and you
are concerned, you own any Shared User Content you created, but we
need you to give us certain rights over it so that we can actually
transmit it via TWMS. So, when you make your Shared User Content
available through TWMS you give us a non-exclusive, permanent,
irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable, royalty-free licence to use,
modify, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit,
communicate and publicly display/perform your Shared User Content in
connection with TWMS.
9.2 Fan Content. Please refer to our Fan Content Guidelines for
information on how you can make community-generated TWMS
content and do related TWMS stuff like make fan art or websites or
blogs, create videos/streams/Let’s Plays or run TWMS events.
If you share content
in-game via TWMS
(e.g. sending links),
it’s your
responsibility. So
keep it clean.
See our fan content
guidelines to learn
how you can help
make cool stuff
using TWMS assets
(like community
sites or Let’s Plays).
10. VIRTUAL CURRENCY AND GOODS
10.1 How to use Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency. TWMS allows you
to purchase virtual, in-game digital items and content including but not
limited to cosmetic and in-game enhancements, campaigns and other
downloadable content (“Virtual Goods”). You may at our discretion be
able to buy certain Virtual Goods with “real world” money, or virtual
currencies such as ‘ingredients’ (which you can earn by playing the
game), ‘items’ (which you can earn through the TWMS in-game crafting
system and/or also by playing the game) or ‘Gold’ (which you can
purchase with “real world” money (we will refer to them together as
“Virtual Currency”). Only TWMS users can use Virtual Goods and
Virtual Currency.
10.2 Payments. As SPOKKO is the entity which provides you with
TWMS, but you access the game through a specific platform, any
content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from SPOKKO
through your platform’s operator and may be subject to legal
documents presented to you by the respective operator. You agree to
the pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to them, as notified
to you at the time of purchase. All prices are visible in the in-game
store. They’re inclusive of legally applicable sales taxes/VAT. You can
pay using payment methods supported by your chosen platform. You
are responsible for ensuring that you have authorization to use any
chosen payment method, which includes obtaining account-
holder/parent/guardian approval if applicable. You are responsible for
ensuring that this authorization is maintained at all material times. Keep
your payment details secure. Do not make inappropriate charge-back
or refund requests. You are responsible for applicable fees and taxes.
All payments are non-refundable and non-transferable except as
expressly provided in this Agreement.
You can buy cool
stuff like in-game
enhancements and
new campaign
content. There are
some legal rules for
them. Although very
shiny and valuable
in-game, none of
these things have a
“real world”
monetary value –
please do not try to
buy or sell this stuff
to other players!
There are a number
of rules regarding
virtual
items/currency use,
which we are
required to have for
our protection and
for yours (see
opposite).
10.3 Legal requirements. Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency are digital
items only with no cash-value or real world existence and cannot be
‘bought’, ‘sold’, gifted, transferred or redeemed, whether or not for
other Virtual Goods, Virtual Currency, ‘real world’ money, goods,
services or items of monetary value. Trading Virtual Goods or Currency
is prohibited (unless we specifically permit otherwise in TWMS). Your
right to use any Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency that you obtain is
limited to a limited, non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, revocable licence to use such Virtual Goods and
Virtual Currency solely for your personal entertainment and non-
commercial use in TWMS only. You have no property interest or right or
title in any Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency, which remain SPOKKO’s
property. SPOKKO reserves the right to reverse, change or amend
Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency transactions or other matters if
necessary to protect TWMS or to enforce this Agreement.
10.4 Limits. In order to protect TWMS, TWMS users and to stop fraud,
SPOKKO may impose limits on use of Virtual Goods and Virtual
Currency (including transaction limits and balance amounts).
10.5 Expiry. Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency do not expire, but we
reserve the right to change or amend that if necessary. We are not
obliged to provide Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency to you.
10.6 Virtual Goods/Currency may change. The existence of a particular
offer for Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency is not a commitment by us to
maintain or continue to make the Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency or
that offer available in the future. The scope, variety and type of Virtual
Goods and Virtual Currency that you may obtain can change at any time
and we have the right to manage, regulate, control, modify or remove
Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods in our sole discretion if we consider
any of this necessary for the ongoing operation of TWMS or for other
legitimate reasons, in which case we will have no liability to you or
anyone for the exercise of such rights. We will endeavor where possible
to give you reasonable notice of any such changes and to explain the
reasons why.
10.7
Refund rights.
If you are resident in the European Union:
You have the right to withdraw from a purchase of TWMS, Virtual
Currency and/or Virtual Goods within 14 days of your purchase, without
giving a reason. You hereby expressly acknowledge that you lose your
right of withdrawal once the performance of our service has begun and
your account is provided with access to the Virtual Goods and/or Virtual
Currency. You agree that the supply of Virtual Goods and/or Virtual
Currency and the performance of services begins immediately after you
complete your purchase. Therefore, once access to the Virtual Goods
and/or Virtual Currency has been enabled on your account, the contract
has been fully performed by SPOKKO.
If you are resident elsewhere in the world outside the European Union
(including the USA):
All purchases are final and no refunds will be made or returns accepted,
except where required by statutory laws.
Neither this nor any other part of this User Agreement affects your
statutory rights. In other words, your local laws, such as acts on
protection of consumer rights, may provide you with additional rights
that cannot be limited or waived by this User Agreement.
In particular:
a) For Australian Users: Our goods and services come with guarantees
that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. For major
failures with the service, you are entitled to cancel your service contract
with us; and to a refund for the unused portion, or to compensation for
its reduced value. You are also entitled to choose a refund or
replacement for major failures with goods. If a failure with the goods or
a service does not amount to a major failure, you are entitled to have
the failure rectified in a reasonable time. If this is not done you are
entitled to a refund for the goods and to cancel the contract for the
service and obtain a refund of any unused portion. You are also entitled
to be compensated for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or
damage from a failure in the goods or service.
b) For New Zealand Users: Neither this nor any other part of this User
Agreement excludes, restricts or modifies the application of any right or
remedy that cannot be so excluded, restricted or modified including
those conferred by the New Zealand Consumer Guarantees Act 1993.
Under this Act are guarantees which include that goods and services
are of acceptable quality. If this guarantee is not met there are
entitlements to have the software remedied (which may include repair,
replacement or refund). If a remedy cannot be provided or the failure is
of a substantial character, the act provides for a refund.
11. FEEDBACK OR SUGGESTIONS
11.1 TWMS is a game inspired by player feedback, and we would love to
hear from you about your experience - just contact the support team
via [•]. However, we wouldn’t be the legal department, if we hadn’t
included a disclaimer, would we? While writing to us, please remember
that we may choose not to use or accept player suggestions and,
should we do somehow incorporate a suggestion into the game, we are
not in any way obliged to reimburse you financially (or in any other
fashion).
Moreover, if sometimes something goes wrong with the game, SPOKKO
may ask you to send a crash log report in order to improve the game
code for future use. These reports may include some personal data (for
more information, please see our Privacy Policy).
It’s cool to send us
feedback and
suggestions about
TWMS. Thank you!
However please
don’t be
disappointed if we
don’t use them or
reward you for them.
This does not mean
we do not appreciate
it.
If something does
not work in the game
(hopefully not!) we
may ask you to send
us a crash log report
so we can improve
the game for the
future. These are
super helpful to see,
so send away!
12. THIRD PARTY CONTENT AND EXTERNAL SERVICES
12.1 You might get links from us to third party websites or content
through TWMS. You may also access TWMS through different
platforms and devices. Using them is up to you – we cannot promise
they will work, what they will be like or if they are free. Our partner
platforms may be subject to their own legal terms, compliance with
which is your sole responsibility. They may also offer complementary
features to TWMS (such as digital money wallets) – again, this is a
matter solely for you and them.
If you click on a link
that takes you
outside of our little
kingdom = we
cannot look after
you anymore. Your
devices, your
responsibility. All we
can offer are our
best wishes!
13. WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
13.1 Our warranties. We warrant that: (i) we have the right to enter into
this Agreement and to grant you the licence to use TWMS in section 3;
(ii) we will take reasonable care with TWMS and your use of it and (iii)
we will use reasonable endeavors to comply with applicable laws in
performing our obligations to you under this Agreement.
13.2 Your representations and warranties. You represent and warrant
that you have the full power and ability to enter into this Licence
Agreement and will follow fully its terms. You also represent and
warrant that any Shared User Content, which you transmit via TWMS
does not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third party.
You further represent and warrant that you will not use or contribute
Shared User Content that is unlawful, tortious, defamatory, obscene,
invasive of the privacy of another person, threatening, harassing,
abusive, hateful or racist.
13.3 Limitation of liability
This section does not apply to you if you are resident in the European
Union or countries whose laws specifically prohibit the following liability
limitations, but it does apply to you if you are resident in the USA.
(i) OUR DISCLAIMERS. Except as we have set out elsewhere in this
Agreement, SPOKKO and our affiliates, partners and licensors disclaim
any implied or express warranties or representations regarding TWMS.
This includes without limitation any allegations of: (i) negligence; OR
(ii) lack of satisfactory quality, merchantability or fitness for purpose; or
(iii) the existence of any faults or errors; or (iv) infringement of any third
party intellectual property rights. TWMS is otherwise provided to you
on an "as is", “AS AVAILABLE” basis without warranties or
representations of any kind, express or implied. To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or
implied, which might apply to TWMS, including without limitation:
implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability,
satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, any warranties that
may arise from course of dealing or course of performance or usage of
trade, freedom from viruses or errors OR DEFECTS, and/or any
We make binding
promises (called
'warranties') about
TWMS, for example
that we will take
reasonable care
regarding your use
of TWMS. We also
explain a bit further
how we are legally
responsible to each
other.
If you are outside the
EU: We are not
responsible to you
for how TWMS
works and we do not
make any legally
binding promises to
you about them
generally. We also
limit our liability to
you and ask you to
"indemnify" us
(which basically
means to financially
compensate us) if
you breach the
Agreement.
These provisions do
not apply if you live
in the EU or other
applicable countries.
warranties as to the accuracy, LEGALITY, reliability or quality of any
content or information contained within TWMS. We do not warrant that
TWMS will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be
corrected, or THAT THE GAME WILL BE free of viruses or other harmful
components.
(II) OUR LIABILITY LIMITATION. To the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, SPOKKO, its affiliates, partners and licensors shall not
be liable for any loss, damage or harm of any kind arising from the use
or inability to use or ‘loss’ relating to TWMS. SPOKKO, its affiliates,
partners and licensors shall not be liable for any indirect, consequential,
incidental, special, punitive or exemplary damages or any other
damages arising out of or connected with THE SAME. This includes if
you suffer damage because you cannot use TWMS (either temporarily
or permanently). None of the above will be affected in any way even if
SPOKKO or its affiliates, partners or licensors are at fault (whether
through negligence, breach of contract, breach of warranty or strict
liability) and even if you or we have been advised of the possibility of
such damages.
(III) OUR LIABILITY CAP. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU
IN CONNECTION WITH TWMS OR THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED AN
AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID US (IF
ANY) IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATTERS UNDERLYING ANY
CLAIM(S).
(IV) YOUR INDEMNITY TO US. You agree to indemnify and hold
harmless on demand SPOKKO, its affiliates, licensors and partners from
all liabilities, claims and expenses, including legal fees, in connection
with: (1) any alleged or actual breach of this Agreement; (2) the use of
TWMS by you or any person on your behalf; (3) INFRINGEMENT OF
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR OTHER PROPERTY OF
SPOKKO OR CD PROJEKT RED; and/or (4) YOUR SHARED USER
CONTENT. If claims are brought against us, then YOU WILL
COOPERATE FULLY WITH US AND we reserve the right to take over
their defence. YOU WILL NOT SETTLE ANY SUCH CLAIMS WITHOUT
OUR PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.
(V) INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. YOU AGREE THAT ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR
HARM YOU SUFFER ARE NOT IRREPARABLE OR SUFFICIENT, and other
remedies will be adequate, such that you are not entitled TO
INJUNCTIVE OR OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF AGAINST US.
(VI) Residents of California. If you reside in the state of California you
are entitled to the following specific consumer rights information: you
may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer
Services of the Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 400 R St.,
Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at
916.445.1254. California residents expressly agree to waive California
Civil Code Sec. 1542, which states: “A general release does not extend
the claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his
favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must
have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”
14. TERMINATION
14.1 Your termination rights. You can terminate this Agreement by
permanently stopping use of TWMS at any time. Termination will not
You can terminate
this Agreement
affect already existing rights or obligations of us or you.
14.2 Our termination rights. SPOKKO may cancel or suspend your
access to TWMS if you materially breach this Agreement, which
includes but is not limited to a breach of this Agreement which is
serious and/or which could cause real harm to TWMS, TWMS users,
SPOKKO, CD PROJEKT RED or other matters governed under this
Agreement. In particular, it applies to the TWMS rules we specify in
section 8 above (for example, no cheating or account misuse). If
SPOKKO cancels or suspends your account in this way, SPOKKO will try
reasonably to contact you to explain why we have done this and what (if
anything) you can do as a result. Cancellation or suspension will include
you losing access to Virtual Goods and Virtual Currency. If SPOKKO
cancels or suspends your account under this section, then we will not
have any obligations or liabilities to you at all.
14.3 Stopping TWMS. It seems very unlikely, but if SPOKKO has to stop
providing access to TWMS permanently (not because of any breach by
you), SPOKKO will try to give you at least one hundred and twenty (120)
days advance notice by posting a note on [•]. In this case, we will not
have any future obligations or liabilities to you (this does not affect any
pre-existing obligations or liabilities.
simply by stopping
playing TWMS for
good.
If you seriously
breach this
Agreement you may
lose access to
TWMS (temporarily
or permanently).
If in the very unlikely
situation we have to
stop running TWMS,
we'll try to give you
advance notice.
15. FORCE MAJEURE
15.1 Neither of us will be liable to the other regarding any performance,
or non-performance, or delay, in whole or in part, due to Force Majeure.
“Force Majeure” means any cause preventing a party from performing
any or all of its obligations which arises from or is attributable to acts,
events, omissions or accidents beyond the reasonable control of the
party so prevented including strikes, lock-outs or other industrial
disputes (other than any such dispute involving the workforce of the
party so prevented), nuclear accident or acts of God, war or terrorist
activity, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage (excluding malicious
damage involving the employees of the affected party or its sub-
contractors), compliance with any law or governmental order, rule,
regulation or direction, industrial action by employees of any providers
of electrical power, failure of technical facilities, hacking, denial of
service or other IT attack, deployment of IT virus malware or similar
technology, fire, flood, or storm or default of suppliers or sub-
contractors.
If unforeseen events
beyond your or our
control occur (war,
earthquake, gigantic
flood, alien attack,
Godzilla, etc. – ok,
the last two are
jokes), then neither
of us will be liable to
the other for any
obligations, which
can't be performed.
16. GOVERNING LAW
16.1 If you are resident in the European Union and elsewhere in the
world (but not the USA):
You and we agree that your use of TWMS, and this Agreement, and any
issues arising out of them, will be governed by and interpreted
according to the laws of Poland and any dispute regarding it will be
exclusively under the jurisdiction of the courts of Poland. In any legal
claim under this Agreement, the side which wins will be entitled to its
legal fees and expenses.
If you are resident in the USA:
To the extent not covered by the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration
Any legal questions /
complaints / claims
regarding this
Agreement are
under Polish law and
jurisdiction for users
all around the world
except users
resident in the USA,
who are under
California law and
jurisdiction.
language below, you and we agree that your use of TWMS, and this
Agreement, and any issues arising out of them, will be deemed to be
entered into in Los Angeles, California and governed by and interpreted
according to the laws of the State of California, USA (and, if applicable,
US Federal law) without regard to choice of law principles. Any legal
claim by you against SPOKKO, to the extent not covered by the Dispute
Resolution and Arbitration language below, will be made exclusively in
state or federal court located in Los Angeles, California, which will have
subject matter jurisdiction regarding the dispute between you and us
and therefore we both consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of those
courts. Moreover, you waive any rights to argue that the state and
federal courts in Los Angeles, California are an improper venue. In any
legal claim under this Agreement, the side who wins will be entitled to
its legal fees and expenses.
17. DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND BINDING ARBITRATION
17.1 If you have concerns or issues with us, we hope we can resolve
them quickly and amicably through TWMS support service accessible
at [•] . However, we recognize that occasionally there might be legal
disputes which are not so easily resolved. In this section we explain
what happens if there is a legal dispute.
17.2 Informal dispute resolution:
We and you both agree to make reasonable and good faith efforts to
resolve any dispute between us informally. Normally we would suggest
that this dispute resolution period lasts 30 days unless exceptional
circumstances exist. If it is not resolved during this time, the next steps
depend on where you live. If you are resident in the European Union,
you may be entitled to submit a complaint through the Online Dispute
Resolution Platform operated by the European Commission, details of
which can be found at ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
(1) Dispute resolution next steps: if you live in the European Union or
elsewhere in the world (but not the USA):
You and we have the legal right to commence legal claims against each
other if we consider it necessary. If you bring a claim against SPOKKO,
you should address it to:
“Legal Team, SPOKKO sp. z o.o., ul. Jagiellońska 74, 03-301, Warsaw,
Poland” with a copy to legal@spokko.com;
(2) Dispute resolution next steps: if you live in the USA:
Arbitration:
We and you agree to resolve all disputes and claims between us in
individual binding arbitration. This includes without limitation any claims
arising from this Agreement, any part of the relationship between you
and SPOKKO. This section applies whether the dispute or claim is
based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, unfair competition,
misrepresentation or any other legal doctrine.
(Some explanatory notes from us: "arbitration" is a consensual dispute
resolution process where both sides present their case to a neutral
arbitrator (not a judge or jury). Arbitration is less formal than court
litigation and it has less formal rules (which we talk about below). Just
If you have any
concerns or issues
you can contact
TWMS support. We
hope we can resolve
any complaints with
you through informal
dispute resolution.
If we can't resolve a
dispute with you
informally, then this
is what happens
next.
IMPORTANT: if you
live in the USA, this
section involves
both you and us
agreeing to
mandatory
arbitration of any
dispute between us.
If you live in the USA
or the rest of the
world (but not the
EU) you and we
agree not to bring
any class action or
similar collective
legal action against
each other. We will
resolve legal
disputes with each
other through the
process outlined
above.
so we and you are clear: by choosing arbitration you and we are giving
up the right to have any dispute between us heard in court before a
judge and/or jury.) You and us (SPOKKO) agree that any claim arising
out of or related to TWMS must be made within one (1) year after the
claim arose; otherwise, such claim is permanently barred. You agree
that the provisions in this paragraph will survive any termination of your
account or TWMS.
How to start an arbitration:
If either of us wants to commence arbitration, then they have to send
the other side a written notice setting out the basis of the claim and
what remedy the commencing side wants from the other side. A printed
version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form
shall be admissible to the same extent and subject to the same
conditions as other business documents and records originally
generated and maintained in printed form. If you send a notice to us,
please send by mail and by email. You or we may bring an arbitration at
any reasonable AAA location within the United States that is convenient
for you.
The rules for the arbitration:
The US Federal Arbitration Act applies to this section. The arbitration
will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and, where applicable, the AAA’s
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes, as modified
by this Agreement (http://www.adr.org). The arbitrator will be bound by
this Agreement.
The arbitration shall be conducted by a single arbitrator with substantial
experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract
disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of AAA
arbitrators. The determination of whether a dispute is subject to
arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and
determined by an arbitrator rather than a court. The AAA will administer
the arbitration and it will be conducted in the English language. It may
be conducted through the submission of documents, by phone, or in
person at a mutually agreed location. The arbitration hearing must
commence within thirty (30) days from the appointment of the
arbitrator, unless otherwise agreed to by you and us. The AAA will only
have power to arbitrate the dispute between you and us and not in
relation to other people under this particular arbitration. Judgment upon
an award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction or application may be made to such court for judicial
acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may
be.
If you seek US $10,000 or less, SPOKKO agrees to reimburse your filing
fee and your share of the arbitration costs (but not including any
attorney’s fees or expert witness fees), including your share of
arbitrator compensation, at the end of the arbitration, unless the
arbitrator decides your claims are without merit or your costs are
unreasonable. We agree not to seek our legal fees or costs in the
arbitration unless the arbitrator determines your claims are without
merit or your costs are unreasonable. If you seek more than US $10,000
then the arbitration costs, including arbitrator compensation, will be
split between you and us according to the AAA Commercial Arbitration
Rules and the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related
Disputes, if applicable.
What the dispute resolution and arbitration sections do not apply to:
The dispute resolution and arbitration requirements do not apply to
claims or disputes brought by either you or us which relate to claims of
intellectual property rights infringement or claims of unauthorized use,
piracy, theft or misappropriation.
This section does not prevent you from bringing your dispute to the
attention of any federal, state, or local government agencies that can, if
the law allows, seek relief from us for you.
Waiver of collective action remedies:
To the maximum extent permitted by the national or state law
applicable, you and we agree not under any circumstances to bring or
participate in a class or representative action, private attorney general
action or collective arbitration. That means, to the full extent permitted
by law, (1) no arbitration shall be joined with any other; (2) there is no
right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis
or to utilize class action procedures; and (3) there is no right or
authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative
capacity on behalf of the general public or any other persons.
If the agreement in this section not to bring or participate in a class or
representative action, private attorney general action or collective
arbitration is found illegal or unenforceable, you and we agree that it will
not be severable: this entire section will be deemed unenforceable and
any claim or dispute will therefore be resolved in court.
18. PLATFORM SPECIFIC TERMS
18.1 Apple iOS.
The following terms apply only to users playing TWMS on iOS devices
they own or control:
a) You acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded between you and
SPOKKO, and not with Apple Inc., (“Apple”). SPOKKO, not Apple, is
solely responsible for TWMS and the content thereof.
b) Your use of TWMS will be subject to the terms of this Agreement,
which grants you a non-transferable, limited license to use TWMS on
Apple-branded products you own or control, and as permitted by the
Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service.
c) You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for providing any
maintenance and support services regarding TWMS.
d) You acknowledge and agree that SPOKKO, and not Apple, is
responsible for any product warranties, whether express or implied by
law, to the extent not effectively disclaimed.
In case you are entitled to a warranty under laws applicable in your
jurisdiction, then in the event of any failure of TWMS to conform to such
warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase
price, if any, paid by you to Apple for TWMS. To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty
obligation whatsoever with respect to TWMS, and any other claims,
losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure
to conform to any warranty will be sole responsibility of SPOKKO.
If you play TWMS on
iOS, your use of
TWMS will be
subject to additional
terms and
conditions (see
opposite).
In particular you
confirm that Apple is
not a party to this
Agreement and is
not responsible for
TWMS, however,
Apple is entitled to
enforce this
Agreement.
Please note, however, that to the extent permitted by law SPOKKO has
disclaimed or limited warranties in accordance with provisions of
Section 14 “Warranties and Liabilities” above, 
e) You acknowledge that SPOKKO, not Apple, is responsible for
addressing your or any third party claims relating to TWMS or your
possession and/or use of TWMS, including, but not limited to: (i)
product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the TWMS fails to conform to
any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising
under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
f) You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that
TWMS or your possession and use of TWMS infringes that third that
third party’s intellectual property rights, SPOKKO, not Apple, will be
solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and
discharge of any such intellectual property claims.
g) You acknowledge that (i) you are not located in a country that is
subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by
the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are
not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted
parties.
h) You acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple subsidiaries, are
third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that, upon your
acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Apple will
have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
enforce this Agreement against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
18.2 Android
The following terms apply only to users playing TWMS on Android
devices they own or control:
a) You acknowledge, that this Agreement is concluded between
you and SPOKKO, and not with Google LLC, Google Ireland
Limited, Google Commerce Limited or Google Asia Pacific Pte.
Limited (“Google”). SPOKKO, not Google, is solely responsible for
TWMS and the content thereof.
b) Your use of TWMS will be subject to the terms of this
Agreement, which grants you a non-transferable, limited license to
use TWMS on Android devices. In addition, your use of TWMS will
also be subject to usage rules set forth by Google in the Google
Play Terms of Service. 
If you play TWMS on
Android, your use of
TWMS will be subject to
additional terms and
conditions (see opposite).
19. OTHER LEGAL STUFF
19.1 If any part of this Agreement is found not to be legally
enforceable, this will not affect any other part of it.
This section sets out a
few additional,
hopefully self-
19.2 This Agreement governs our relationship with you (and vice
versa). It does not create any rights for anyone else.
19.3 Please remember that we are subject to various laws and we
may be required to comply with law enforcement or other legal
requirements, including import/export controls.
19.4 You and we agree that the UN Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods does not apply to TWMS or this
Agreement.
19.5 We can assign, subcontract or transfer this Agreement to a third
party or another member of our group if necessary for the support of
TWMS, as part of any reorganization or merger or for other business
reasons. We will notify you if this happens.
19.6 No failure or delay by us or you to exercise any right or remedy
provided under this Agreement or by law will constitute a waiver of
that or any other right or remedy, nor will it preclude or restrict the
further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. No single or
partial exercise of such right or remedy by us or you will preclude or
restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.
explanatory rules about
how this Agreement
works legally. For
example:
This Agreement is just
between you and us.
We might be required
to comply with law
enforcement requests.
20. CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT
20.1 We may change this Agreement if we think it is necessary, e.g.
for legal reasons or to reflect changes in TWMS. If so, we will make
the changed Agreement available online and make reasonable efforts
to tell you about it (by e.g. sending you a notice in the game and
asking you to accept the change).
20.2 Once we change the Agreement, it will become legally binding
on you 30 days after we post it online. During that period, you're
welcome to contact us at legal@spokko.com if you have specific
questions about the changes.
20.3 If you do not agree to those changes (regardless of whether you
email us), then unfortunately we need to ask you to cease using
TWMS. We are sorry we have to say that, but we hope you will
appreciate that for TWMS to work properly we need to have
everyone using it under the same rules instead of different people
having different rules. That's why we encourage you to get in contact
if you have queries or concerns.
We can change this
Agreement but if we do
we'll put the changed
version online and
normally it will take
effect a reasonable
time period afterwards.
If you have any
questions with regards
to the changes, you
may contact us
at legal@spokko.com.
And there we go!
Congrats! Thanks for
reading, and we hope
you enjoy The Witcher:
Monster Slayer!
ADDITIONAL LEGAL NOTICE
Copyright 2008, Google Inc.
All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner of the input file used when
generating it. This code is not standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it. This
support library is itself covered by the above license.
The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2018 Süleyman Yasir KULA
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2017 Süleyman Yasir KULA
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2017 Denis Rizov
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2017 Thor Brigsted
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2016 Modest Tree Media Inc
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
MIT License
Copyright (c) 2019 Koste Budinoski
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN
